README.md, before:

# DDPG_for_finance

## Installation steps

```
conda create -n ddpg_trading python=3.8
conda activate ddpg_trading
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Install pytorch based on system from [here](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/):
```
conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio cudatoolkit=11.3 -c pytorch
```

Make sure you have an active weights and biases account login:
  - run '_wandb login_' in terminal

## For Generating results

- Change "model_type" variable in config_results.py based on whether you want results for daily or monthly trading

- Download trained models from google drive and place them in '../trained_models/'

Run:
```
python get_results_artefacts.py
```
Note: make sure your wandb log in is done

## For hyperparameter tuning before training [Optional]
- Make changes in "config_tuning.py" if you want to change num_trials etc.
- Check train test split in hyperparemeter_tuning.py script and
Run:
```
python hyperparemeter_tuning.py
```
Hyperparameters returned can then be updated in _config.py_ before running training in next step.

## For training on stock market data [without retraining]

- Change config.py for hyperparameters, artefact storage directories, wandb project name etc.

Run:
```
python train_ddpg_agent.py
```

## For training on stock market data [with retraining]

- Change config.py for hyperparameters, artefact storage directories, wandb project name etc.

Run:
```
python train_ddpg_agent_with_retraining.py
```
Note: if the parameter _'do_hyp_tuning'_ is set to True in _train_ddpg_agent_with_retraining.py_, you don't need to mention hyperparams in config as they won't be used. For every training, optimal hyperparameters will be found and used.

Commit message:

adding support for downloading data and testing

README.md, after:

# DDPG_for_finance

## Installation steps

```
conda create -n ddpg_trading python=3.8
conda activate ddpg_trading
brew install swig
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Install pytorch based on system from [here](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/):
```
conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio cudatoolkit=11.3 -c pytorch
```

Make sure you have an active weights and biases account login:
  - run '_wandb login_' in terminal

## Downloading DJI data for testing
Run the following command with required start_date and end_date:
```
python download_data.py --start-date 2009-01-01 --end-date 2022-11-30
```
This command will download DOW30 data, process it, and add technical indicators defined in "config.py". The output csv file will be saved in './data' directory and filename will be printed as output.

## For Generating results

- Change "model_type" variable in config_results.py based on whether you want results for daily or monthly trading

- Change "processed_csv" variable in config_results.py (line 7) to select the data file required

- Download trained models from google drive and place them in '../trained_models/'

Run:
```
python get_results_artefacts.py
```
Note: make sure your wandb log in is done

## For hyperparameter tuning before training [Optional]
- Make changes in "config_tuning.py" if you want to change num_trials etc.
- Check train test split in hyperparemeter_tuning.py script and
Run:
```
python hyperparemeter_tuning.py
```
Hyperparameters returned can then be updated in _config.py_ before running training in next step.

## For training on stock market data [without retraining]

- Change config.py for hyperparameters, artefact storage directories, wandb project name etc.

Run:
```
python train_ddpg_agent.py
```

## For training on stock market data [with retraining]

- Change config.py for hyperparameters, artefact storage directories, wandb project name etc.

Run:
```
python train_ddpg_agent_with_retraining.py
```
Note: if the parameter _'do_hyp_tuning'_ is set to True in _train_ddpg_agent_with_retraining.py_, you don't need to mention hyperparams in config as they won't be used. For every training, optimal hyperparameters will be found and used.
